How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It showed me the error.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It will save me lots of time.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Saving space and memory vs. loosing information potentionaly important.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    It is faster to see every difference.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    No idea.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    The changes will be easely removed.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    To develop a web page.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	Saving lots of time.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

You can choose when tu save, when it is a logical change vs. not having control of it. But you will have evrerything save.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because are files related to each other.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log shows every the commit that ever existed, git diff shows the dfferent between two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

You know that they will be stored, so you won't loose anything for good.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

for not loosing information